this is the innovative Sierra Designs
backcountry bed you can see we've got
two different versions of the bed here
in front of us and actually it comes in
a number of different varieties
different rates of fill different
temperature ratings for different
purposes but there's shared features
across the line that make the
backcountry bed different than any
sleeping bag you've ever seen before we
touch on some of those unique features
let's talk about the fabrication of the
backcountry bed so we've got polyester
rip stop fabric on the exterior and
taffeta lining so nice comfort inside
nice durability on the outside the
backcountry bed utilizes duck down and
it's dry down duck down insulation so
what you're getting is that
compressibility that excellent excellent
thermal efficiency that you'd expect
from a down insulation but the dry down
treatment ensures that this is highly
water resistant comparative to what
you'd get from a non treated down so
you're getting the warmth you're getting
the compressibility but you're also
getting all-weather performance that you
wouldn't have without that dry down
insulation the back we've got in front
of us is a 600 fill bag Sierra Designs
does also offer these bags in an 800
fill they're pricier with that more
premium down they're also more
compressible and lighter in weight this
600 fill three-season bag that we're
looking at right here three pounds one
ounce for the regular length so still
great option for three season
backpacking some really obvious design
features on the backcountry bed that
separates it from other options that are
out there starting with this big broader
unusual opening on the face of the bag
itself this is a sewn in down comforter
see it peels away from the interior
folds down but is stitched in place so
it is it is secured to zipper this bag
there is no side zippered entry to this
bag it doesn't throw open in that regard
but the comforter folds down actually
makes it really really easy to get in
and out of this bag also gives it a lot
of venting options the hood certainly is
non-traditional you can see it's just a
straight straight cut across the top of
the back my concern was initially on
this bag was can it possibly retain its
thermal efficiency use this for a few
days last summer up in Colorado and it
does it does it it made a believer out
of me the comforter itself has sewn in
integrated hand warmer pockets that also
enables you to pull that comforter in
around you and seals it nicely within
the bag itself I didn't get cold air
into the bag I was pleasantly surprised
by that it was just as warm as the
temperature rating would suggest even
with that down comforter upside of that
was it gave me all kinds of venting
option it get an arm out I could get
both arms out they could even sneak a
leg out and put it completely outside of
the bag in addition to that there is a
foot vent here at the near the bottom of
the sleeping bag it's not like where
I've seen it before a zipper applied to
the bottom that you can fiddle with and
get in and out of no zipper just a
pass-through with overlapping insulation
that retains that warmth when you need
it but lets you hang a foot out when
temperatures climb a little bit and you
just need to cool off just a tiny bit
vent that bag just enough to keep you
comfortable all night long a couple
other quick features to mention so I
peeled this back you can see sleeping
pad beneath the bag there is an
integrated sleeve to hold a pad in place
the pad certainly does not come with the
bag but whatever you've got will fit
inside that sleeve and ensure that the
pad stays underneath you all night long
enhanced comfort bag does come in
differing lengths so depending on your
height go with a different length you'll
find a comfortable fit inside the back
does taper to save weight similar to a
mummy style bag but a lot more room here
at the head each backcountry bed does
come with its own stuff sack and mesh
storage sack keep in mind you never want
to store a sleeping bag in its
compressed State they're seeing the
feature set the dry down insulation the
sewn in down comforter of the
backcountry bed I'm sure you can see why
we're so excited by this offering and
why we're certain it is going to appeal
to all types of backcountry users